C:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\testhost.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\nunit.engine.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\testhost.exe
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.deps.json
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.pdb
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.DotNet.InternalAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Xml.XPath.XmlDocument.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.dll
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.pdb
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotNET Test.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\irem6.DESKTOP-8MQ14NE\OneDrive\Masaüstü\dotNET Test\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SeleniumExtras.PageObjects.dll
